Huh?
Where am I?
This isn’t the white space I’m always in!
Could I...
Have made it to the human world?
Hold on...
Why am I so big?
Huh?
Could these be
What the humans call “buildings”?
I thought I was
156 centimetres in height?
So then...
Did I become 156 metres tall instead?!
What-
This is amazing!
So this is what buildings are like!
Ahh...
Wh-huh-
Something came out of my head!!
H-H-Huh-
I’m sorry, I’m sorry!
I’ll compensate for this afterwards!
A-A-Ahhh!!
What?
Why is my body moving on its own?
AH!
If this keeps up...!
I’ll turn into a monster!
All I want is to
Connect with everyone in the human world
But now everyone will hate me!
No!
Stop it, stop it, stop it!
AAH!
It happened again!
That beam thing~...
Everyone, run away!
I’m dangerous to be around!
Aahh!
A-a-a-a-ah-ah!
A helicopter came!
Hey!
Help me, help me!
My body is taking control of me
And making me destroy the city-
Ow ow ow ow ow ow!
Ah- oh- ow!
Stop it, stop it!
Hold on!
I’m not even doing anything!
Oh no!!
I’m so sorry!
I really...
Don’t want to destroy you!
My body is out of control!
Stop it!
What do I do?!
Everyone’s gonna die!
If this continues...
I won’t be able to connect
With humans at all!!
Since everyone
Is gonna die
Before I even get the chance!!
Stop it!!!
Ahh!
Huh?
I’m back!
Let’s take a look at Twitter...
Everything’s… fine…?
The city...
Hasn’t been destroyed?
I’m so glad~!
That was a close one!
Ahh~
Alright!
Yet another day of work in the
Virtual Office!
Heheh~
Right~
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait